# Common Nginx variables

- `$arg_PARAMETER`: This variable contains the value in the GET request if there is a variable PARAMETER.  
- `$args`: variable is equal to the parameter in the request line (GET request), for example foo=123&bar=blahblah;  
- `$binary_remote_addr`: binary customer address.  
- `$body_bytes_sent`:  The number of body bytes sent in response. This data is accurate even if the connection is broken.  
- `$content_length`: Content-length field in the request header.  
- `$content_type`: Request the Content-Type field in the header.  
- `$cookie_COOKIE` : cookie COOKIE variable value  
- `$document_root`:  Current request the value specified in the root directive.  
- `$document_uri`: Same as `$uri`.  
- `$host`: Request the host header field, otherwise the server name.  
- `$hostname`: Set to the machine’s hostname as returned by gethostname  
- $http_HEADER  
- `$is_args`: If there is a $args parameter, this variable is equal to "?", otherwise equal to "", - a null value.  
- `$http_user_agen`t: User agent of client   
- `$http_cookie`: cookie information  
- `$limit_rate`:  variable can limit the connection rate.  
- `$query_string`: is the same as $args.  
- `$request_body_file`: Temporary file name of the client request body information.  
- `$request_method`: Client requested action, usually GET or POST.  
- `$remote_addr`: Client's IP address.  
- `$remote_port`: Client's port.  
- `$remote_user`: Username that has been verified by the Auth Basic Module.  
- `$request`: full original request line
- `$request_completion`: If the request ends, set to OK. Empty when the request is not finished or if the request is not the last one of the request chain.  
- `$request_filename`: The file path of the current request, generated by the root or alias command and URI request.  
- `$request_uri`: contains the original URI of the request parameter, does not contain the host name, such as: "/foo/bar.php?arg=baz". Can not be modified.  
- `$scheme`: HTTP  scheme(eg http, https).  
- `$server_protocol`: Request to use the protocol, usually HTTP/1.0 or HTTP/1.1.  
-` $server_addr`: Server address, this value can be determined after completing a system call.  is_args
- `$server_name`: name of server.  
- `$server_port`: Request the port number to reach the server.  
- `$uri` : Without the current URI of the request parameter, $uri does not contain the host name, such as "/foo/bar.html". This value may be inconsistent with $request_uri. 
- `$http_referer` : Client connected through that station